hello
[music]
hello your young streamers
share cool think it's funny
yes no we're sad but it's possible if girls
schoolgirls are entertained differently it might be
interesting for them
but why are we so here you are specially
chatting there Maurice laminate to explain to you
they pay for this
dress how are you  their life
is so big and it plays a big role I
wonder whether your motivation is your joy or you are
just at home from and throws or here you
come with diabetes to sit Akulina
because of what you do this in the
name I will not say because this
confidential information
always comes normally  in different ways,
but it’s good to see why you
earn in this way, it
’s possible differently, but you’re
designed differently if we are 15 years old,
but you can just humorous there,
I’m here you are exactly the topic of vein no garbage
scurrying around made letters the site means you are
promoting this  military topics are true,
but we do not promote and more we look at the
reaction of other people on this channel girl,
see here are two and ra  we are good at such a thing
, look, you choose
Ukraine in chat-roulette,
yes, the country that your side is bombing, that
is, you come across people
whose relatives died, so the neighbors
destroyed the houses there, so what do you want
to hear from them,
you understand now the problem  the fact that
now everyone is being blamed by the current people, that is, the
government is not blaming the people for anything is
right why and why let's
analyze the very question yes it
looked good very right dust2 thinking
you already taught law at school well yes
yes, that is, they knew well who the
citizens were
citizens the people  who elects the
government,
that is, in this the president from the deputies
who elects the people of the people, here the
source of power is the people in Cyprus and the
husband is registered so it turns out and these
governments, she didn’t fall from the sky,
then I understand if you were here
Skyrim aliens flew in your
government  and attacked Ukraine, but this is the
government that is elected by your
people so support it  it’s your
people if, for example,
if the government did something that the
people don’t support, for example, I said to
myself, the presidents are coming out, let me now
Kamchatka, for example, Murmansk, and
I’ll give the bill to the Americans so that people
do come out to rallies, some kind of
protest against the rally, not at all, for example,
now  your president is coming out, I want
to give Kamchatka to Chita and Murmansk to
an American, people would start to resent the
buttocks, why should we give
Americans a cheat on some before they
start to resent, yes, there is,
because it does not correspond to the
interests of the people, and since your country, the
government is at war, the people are silent, then
this  it’s suitable for the people, it means the people
approve of it, and
here you are sitting there with no hats against the
war, you are sitting with letters for that is, you
represent the symbol that fascist
Germany is sitting like that with small boys
with swastikas because it
’s somehow beneficial for them and they
tease the Jews here  hitler killed Jews
so you know this story
late you can imagine
there  a concentration camp with Jews just run in a
couple of small Germans like you are
like that with swastikas and look at the reaction of
ri it would be funny,
that is, it turns out here, of course, people
who in Ukraine will aggress against her
because they see that the
challenges and well and
they kill you don’t kill you there it’s
good,
well, we’re here and what don’t we play,
but we, for example, here I am and, for example, my
friend, he doesn’t play any role in this
war, playing on your head
now, this hat for a bandage with them  and
because we are for Russia, don’t look for Russia,
just hang a flag, I would still understand
Russia, but this z is a symbol of the war
against Ukraine,
so I’ll take it off now or not,
well done, handsome, well done guys,
look, you can be for Russia so that
you are born patriots  I was also born in
Ukraine I am a patriot of Ukraine but for example
if my country attacked Moldova
so should I support the
attack on Moldova simply because
I am a patriot of Ukraine no no so the
same here with  krajina turns out russia
attacked ukraine yes you will rub the country
but sometimes the country is mistaken and patriotism
consists in telling your country to
your authorities what we are doing wrong
but killing people there
you are fine because we
talked ideally removed this grid and are already in
it  on the contrary, they start shouting something
why
, for example, I came here so I came
to talk to people, someone comes out
and can be angry, yes, because here,
take Venice, a Russian rocket
killed people, the
center flew to
Kremenchug to a shopping center and there is no
end to it and  the edge has been going on for
more than five months
you yourself from which city
I myself am not Russian yaz penza
penza because who is
Mordovian mark 2
league
Chuvash what do you follow after all, both Mordovians and
Chuvash are two guys from
once conquered peoples of Russia and
you  sit support the fact that russia
still wants to conquer cottonera
go how interesting what an empire is
and before russia the russian
kingdom of moscow was small  How did the Mordvins live with their
people by an act of Erzin their people come their
people from the Chuvashs their world, by the way, a very
rich culture among the Chuvashs I was interested in the
Mordvins, too, but
I want to read about it less and the chamber of
Cheboksary, yes, you are in my city in Chuvashia, the
main thing is yes, and it
turns out when  - then you were captured instead
of you developing there your people,
traditions and culture, language, so no, everything was
done masculine ok, then
other peoples are captured, for example,
from the USSR, part of the republic went as
Ukraine Estonia
Kazakhstan was liberated from they became independent and now it turns out
Kazakhs and Bashkirs are kind of
related  peoples, but the Kazakhs live in a
separate state with their own language, and the
Bashkirs live in the Russian empire,
which is now called the
Russian Federation, they have the Russian
language there, they are lucifer,
but it’s a huge plus for you that you
said that you are a representative of the Mordvin people,
you remember your roots before you, we
Russify your ancestors
russifier so, well, at least you have this
awareness  this is very, very cool
because their roots, so they say to us in the
Soviet Union, they also gave us Ukrainians
the feeling that we are like
second-rate cheesecakes, they are correct, and the
rest there are pro-Ukrainians,
Ukrainians, Moldovans, foreigners, all sorts of
jokes were about Armenians, Georgians, you are
so second-rate so  that it’s the same way that
all peoples are equal, but you
have training in your native language,
yes, well, you start school in Mordovian,
but in general, at school, we listen to it 4, that
is, not even taking into account in some regions,
there may be two lessons a week
so that the pradik how he can do it is not
only that they don’t even teach in this language and even
illegal with this language, that is, they
all make you Russian, here are some Zionis for me, the
city of Russians is 140 million, this is
nonsense because all these peoples
who lived there are Mordovian Chuvash
what are the Bashkirs there Erzya coma and they
just wrote down everyone you already
speak Russian everything means you
speak Russian Russian means Russian
therefore guys st  try now you can
earn such a world that even a
child can earn something there, it
’s issued, then do some kind of
entertainment content, but don’t do it for
you in minutes, that is, forget the patriots with these letters,
but sometimes you need to like this, I
always give such an example, for example, here
you are  respect your dad,
everyone will say yes and respect your ass if
your dad walks down the street and
takes a stone breaks a shop window
tell dad what are you doing do
n’t so if dad climbs up to a man on the
street to fight just like that who didn’t
touch him, these are fairy tales  dad, what are you doing
if dad, on the contrary, protects you from a
person who wants to attack you,
that’s right, but if dad climbs somewhere
to fight or climbs into someone else’s apartment, he
knocks out the door, we must say help
your dad to say that you are wrong and this
often helps a lot  when
relatives tell their relatives
that look, you made a mistake in
getting lost and also the country was mistaken
was intact  I’m a country,
if you want to ask me something, if
it’s interesting there, let
me answer you, I have a question,
how do you feel about the situation in
Ukraine itself, well, in general, and
one more question, here’s a loop for you so
far, so look
how I am  I can relate to the situation in
ukraine if ukraine was attacked of course
negative i can’t go abroad
there on my own business so i can’t
even go in these yours in my country so i
can’t take children to
competitions and so on so that is mine
life is limited my friends
are being killed my friends are dying a lot of people
my country needs to leave their
cities they left the cities natasha for the
rahunok they are bombing so look here it
all depends on how
far or close the city is from the front line
for example mariupol was bombed and
occupied
kharkiv was heavily bombed  then part of the troops
drove the Russians away, but some
still get shelling hummer to the
west of ukraine to the center of the client and
fly in cancer  you are distant, that is,
a rocket flew into my Finnish city
other cities recently flew up to
vinnytsia this is a neighboring city with me 2
kilometers the very center of the city a
rocket flew clips killed people there was just a
medical center people in the parking lot
were standing in cars like this burned alive
it’s all there and it doesn’t stop
it’s sad
[music]
here you have friends who have already
died here there is even
this we are now on makeup even about the military
just ordinary people I’ll tell you
in Kharkov
there was more precisely a girl like that
was a mathematician
4 in my course on and
she went with her girlfriend gum because there
were shelling of kharkov i am there was a zoo
and animals the zoo workers no longer
went to work because they
ran there that she went with her girlfriend
to feed
her
aquatic how to throw and mida and
came  shelling with hail and she died
due to the
number of dead and so large
that everyone still has some kind of
acquaintance who is right  about or indirectly
died from this,
it’s not just a new AIDS or HIV for us,
this is a person who you had in your friends on
VKontakte or Facebook, and all and he’s
still not there, you can ask if you have an
interest, but
the teachers told us that the
tone of Ukraine is dumbass Lugansk  I bombed there with eight
yes, well, let's start with the fact that the
teachers will say what I will tell them
now the state, according to the truth,
they lowered it to the ground, they showed it to
all schools, how did the war in the
Donbass start and please say Ukraine bombed for 8 years
on
February 26,
2014  year, Russia attacked Ukraine,
capturing Crimea February 26, Russian
soldiers broke into the Crimean Parliament building,
as it were, the
Crimean Cabinet of Ministers, and Crimea from that
day was already captured and Russian
troops in the Donbas later
a month and a half later on April 12, 2014,
Russian militants under the command of
there is Igor Girkin or Igor
Strelkov, you may have heard from you,
google who Igor Girkin Eiger is syncope
to  a team and 50 people were filmed, two crossed
from the territory of Russia to the Donetsk region, they
captured the
department, they were with grenade launchers
with machine guns, they captured the police department of the Security Service of
Ukraine and then our state, because
there they captured people, they began to shoot down not
according to all of them, two days later you
captured looking for a throat killed  the deputy of the
local council who is there to the
local Gorlovka people on and
our state, of course,
announced the anti-Russian pirates
oppose the lawyer, besides this, a
lot of these Russian militants
came from the territory of Russia, there are different
Cossacks, these motorola and so on, so they
came in order to fight in
Ukraine and of course if  for example, I would
take combat units and come,
for example, capture Bryansk or Kursk with a kite, I would be
a terrorist
for your country and
yours, well, I operate this from Ukraine with a mop,
I also take 50 people for
grenade launchers, we capture a
border town, for example, any Islam
center in Cheboksary, we capture a
branch  police  and the
FSB would have been
announced as terrorists and the army of security forces
would have gone to us, the truth is,
and the situation is absolutely the same, but it’s
just that Russia uses it for
propaganda purposes, the functional
will tell me that the ladies attacked so it burns
here they are there for 8 years if Ukraine was
so bad  then why the
United Nations did not say in its
resolutions that it was Ukraine killing there,
on the contrary, it condemned Russia and
there are UN resolutions
that clearly state
that Russia is the aggressors, Russia
must leave this
same school teacher, she is usually
forced and a woman or a man is like that  and
they will tell them to conduct a lesson in
patriotism to line up all the letters and for
this it’s not your fears,
let’s ask something else and while I
don’t
ask you, we’ll go further.
history is
such a woman thule no one can
predict so no one can
tell about  the shadow will end or it’s so
clear that everyone wants to end their
favor now the prerequisites are leading to the fact
that it will end with the victory of ukraine
because russia has run out of steam russia is already
retreating retreated from the kiev region they
repaired the fsk ues narrow came from the
serpent’s island now the ukrainian counteroffensive on kherson is already being prepared
we are being given
more and more weapons by the west so
because for us to fight with the latest technology
it is russia that is depleted a matter of time so
when the clay will re-enter its
borders which are illegal and 91 years old
when will it be or will it be in 2
months or this year or next
well, in a different form, I think this
conflict will still take a long time and
most likely will lead to the fact that the
Russian Federation will fall apart
just like the Russian empire fell apart
after the
Russo-Japanese War, problems began
in it after the First World War, otherwise
if it has problems it  collapsed the
soviet union collapsed after the
war there in afghanistan during  t is also waiting for the
Russian Federation, what is your channel
called,
tell me, I’ll look at us, no
channel,
we just do music, we
don’t even stream, but it will be possible to play
it and we write our tracks,
they would win the wave cool,
but look, I’m already doing this  you can earn
really
little, how little, just if you are
talented children, can you do something to order
, but firstly, you can shoot nothing on the tube,
but because you
can’t get anything from there, because you wanted to
monetize what monetization has been turning off here for
years, you
’ll taste it  where are we
set up why did you turn off
monetization
along the way just because of ukraine
we understand we can ukraine and because of the war but yes,
and all three of ours need it, that is, it turns out they
should sit down for dinner and
france russian youtubers don’t get mintization of
nanites pigtails
me too  I don’t know, but everything seems to be Belarus, it
might be
interesting, I didn’t even think about it.
it was soot
we eat
light grains of the soul so don’t ruin it, but
rather germinate it and let’s have a
chic dialogue boh
I’m just for two lans my sign is
pathologically I don’t know the essence of the jump
opened up
here strawberries live why are you
diluting the topic there for the orcs and the only
food I’m the stars of the video  a little out of 100
people and a full 100
and a movie behind the lips and wild you can about the growth of
this grain the truth
allatra be patient not and what we want
age it is at so
they run and scream and work will give the bullseye
will get drobak be patient no fish no rick
asked for tests  and tuti will be good even
and men will be and such was alla for smoke
yes you are without growth garden and sodium my warmth
yes ok
me with the
same loops like this and tell your
value coolly at 8 they gave
soap on Wednesday he and took it off because it’s
just ampoules that I won’t take off about this
post copan changed faces for them action
and a lot of won could in  portes don’t say this
Alan and bend to the vich of the water what’s there -
referring to that, yes, you
kept track of the milk prices on the right and both than his
chak the garden is cool and get it just
teach the equestrian for the molecule the
caviani lad is Russian and from Penza the
Czech yacht is under  the youth of russia
would apologize to the needles figs you
nafig give
them 102 let yours and let
tanya yes I let the Russian empire
in front of various types on the wave peoples in the
void
russian meat sculpts such
dumplings of two threads from it and throw it to
conquer new roles
thule
I will give them a show
on respects yet there is no slave the back of the watts from the
temple on after all, the most stupid kind of ice cream
can be brought to a spoonful of data right away, and
kim from the
bypass method of alla can give us
your everything on the subway, we need it
, it would break down on his critical mass
and that we  let's run away about 500 orders and who
you are disgusting no one is already at home or there for 3 by
5 by 10 the person guessing it was honest you are a
training great people and the clerk
manifests himself in the social world I'm hotter there in a special
joint back  they have one
sprint and cool background for chernobog and let the usual c lower it
have a date go away by 100 russia
is bursting at the seams
but otherwise he and all
dc
from whom don’t eat imperial and yes and the
imperial couple not a word the couple is
dismantled by google you decided we
we note in the project
on the radio class I’m already backyard knows
such
ethers fists backyard maps on the truck
eight poked a document and then a
feast in the form of blood which I will return to him
blah there’s still
some
mouths promin such goodness as
leading
Ivan’s bloom and cis accepted
it  it’s cool
and
this is the bait of the divine baby of this
room they still fought and more people
babbled now and then the video so then husband ben
merit we will pull out his bachily inci and they
groaned from their heads and was rendered by Shakespeare
and we then ukraine
subscribe us a kilo channel already in the
office I saw it
I will tell you the word ukraine
ours can’t
wash the meaning
you can grappling and the
creatures are the ocean
glory  Ukraine